[Music]
following the Battle of New York Adrian
Toomes and his salvage company are
contracted to clean up the city but
their operation is taken over by the
department of damage control a
partnership between Tony Stark and the
US government enraged at being driven
out of business tooms persuades his
employees to keep the Chitauri
technology they have already scavenged
and use it to create and sell advanced
weapons eight years later Peter Parker
has drafted into the Avengers by stark
to help with an internal dispute but
resumes his studies at the Midtown
School of Science and Technology when
stark tells him he is not yet ready to
become a full Avenger Parker quits his
school's academic decathlon team to
spend more time focusing on his
crime-fighting activities as spider-man
one night after preventing criminals
from robbing an ATM with their advanced
weapons from Toombs Parker returns to
his Queens apartment where his best
friend Ned discovers his secret identity
on another night Parker comes across
tombs as associate Jackson Bryce and
Herman Schultz selling weapons to local
criminal Aaron Davis Parker saves Davis
before being caught by tombs and dropped
in a lake nearly drowning after becoming
tangled in a parachute built into his
suit he is rescued by Stark who was
monitoring the spider-man suit he gave
Parker and warns him against further
involvement with the criminals tooms
accidentally kills Bryce with one of
their weapons and Schultz becomes the
new shocker Parker and Ned study a
weapon left behind by Bryce removing its
Power Core
when a tracking device on Schultz leads
to Marilyn Parker rejoins the Decathlon
team and accompanies them to Washington
DC for their national tournament Ned and
Parker disable the trackers Stark
implanted in the spider-man suit and
unlock its advanced features Parker
tries to stop tombs from stealing
weapons from a DoD C truck but is
trapped inside the truck causing him to
miss the decathlon Tournament when he
discovers that the Power Core is an
unstable Chitauri grenade
Parker races to the Washington Monument
where the core explodes and traps Ned
and their friends in an elevator evading
local authorities Parker saves his
friends including his fellow classmate
and crush Liz
returning to New York City Parker
persuades Davis to reveal tombs his
whereabouts aboard the Staten Island
Ferry
Parker captures tombs his new buyer Mac
Gargan
but tooms escapes and a malfunctioning
weapon tears the fairy in half Stark
helps Parker save the passengers before
admonishing him for his recklessness and
confiscating his suit Parker returns to
his high-school life and eventually asks
Liz to go to the homecoming dance with
him on the night of the dance parker
learns that Liz's Toombs daughter
deducing Parker's secret identity blooms
threatens retaliation if he interferes
with his plans during the dance parker
realizes Toombs is planning to hijack a
DoD seaplane transporting weapons from
Avengers tower to the team's new
headquarters he dons his old homemade
spider-man suit and races to tombs lair
he is first ambushed by Schultz but
defeats him with the help of Ned at the
lair tooms destroys the building support
beams and leaves Parker to die
Parker escapes the rubble and intercepts
the plane steering it to crash on the
beach near Coney Island he and Toombs
continue fighting ending with Parker
saving tubes his life after some
unstable material explodes and leaving
him for the police along with the planes
cargo after her father's arrest
Liz moves away and Parker declines an
invitation from Stark to join The
Avengers full-time Stark returns Parker
suits him which he puts on at his
apartment just as his Aunt May walks in
in a mid-credits scene an incarcerated
Gargan approaches tombs in prison Gargan
has heard that tombs know spider-man's
real identity but tomb denies this
[Music]